He could see his world crumbling in front of his eyes. His parents who were his
biggest support till now were being lowered into the ground in coffins adorned
with colorful wreaths of fresh flowers. The thoughts going on in the mind of
the little child were in sharp contrast to the lovely Sunday morning.
Harry was just 11 years old. He was still basking in the glory of being the
youngest person to be an International Chemistry Olympiad medalist when the
brash driving of a drunk teenager took the lives of his parents. He was
celebrating his achievement with the only two friends he had when he got the
news. His legs started shaking, lips quivering. He could not control the tears
and fell to his knees.
As the people were leaving after giving their condolences, he stood there alone
replaying his last conversation with his parents and lamenting about not giving
them enough words of love and thankfulness for all that they had did for him.
Now, he was in this alone, without anyone to guide him through, shower him
with warmth and appreciation. Now he won’t have anyone fretting about if he
ate or not, whether he got enough sleep or not. Till a few days back, he wished
he could be free from their constant nagging. But now when his wish has been
fulfilled, will he ever be happy?
Two months have passed since the unfaithful event. Harry has not touched any
of his books since that day. He spends most of his time in his parents’ room
crawled up in a blanket on the bed that still smells of them. He tries to relive in
the family photos the cheerful events that the enjoyed together. His aunt has
shifted in with him but her love for him is nothing compared to theirs. His
friends frequently visit but even that is not able to cheer him much.
One day, he was casually sifting through his father’s books. As he was going
through them, a letter fell from one of the old books. He started reading it and
was sobbing while doing so. The letter read:
“Dear Harry,
Today I saw you for the first time in the hospital. You were snuggled up in
your mother’s arms. Tears welled up in my eyes, I was finally a father. The little
munchkin in my arms would now be called my son.
I have so many thoughts going in my head right now. I want to provide you
with the best of opportunities and resources. You would never feel that
anything in this world is impossible to achieve for you.
We both would love you so much and so dearly that you would never feel
lonely or lack the warmth like I did in my childhood. Yet we would make you
sufficient and independent enough that if ever we could not be with you, you
would not break down and have the power and strength to go on with your
life. You would be the most loved yet the least spoiled child in the entire world.
Yours
Daddy”
The last lines made him regret the way he spent the past two months. His
parents would be heartbroken if they saw him in this state of grief. He got up,
washed his face and got in the study after a long time. As he was cleaning his
books that were now covered in dust, his mind was in a tumult. How could he
break when his parents gave him the best upbringing they could? He was not a
weakling, rather his parents’ fighter, who would not crumble under the
challenges life throws his way, rather come out as a better and more refined
person.
He got over the phase of grief and started working towards his dreams that
were once his parents’. He worked hard day and night, burning midnight oil.
Now, he proudly stands at the entrance of the college, the youngest person to
get a full scholarship to Harvard, with glittery eyes and a resolve that could
withstand any challenge that life throws his way.